## 2021.2.23 Liorsmagic v22.0

### RESTORE THE EXISTING LIORSMAGIC MANAGER BACK TO NORMAL BEFORE UPGRADING IF HIDDEN!

Another major Liorsmagic release! This time our focus is not the core Liorsmagic implementation, but rather on improving the whole Liorsmagic user experience.

### Liorsmagic Manager is dead.<br>Long live the Liorsmagic app!

Ever since the first Liorsmagic release, Liorsmagic (the core components) and Liorsmagic Manager (the companion app) are released separately and isn't necessarily always in sync. This leads to some confusion and a lot of complexity when downloading/installing Liorsmagic through the app. Starting from v22.0, the Liorsmagic app (renamed from Liorsmagic Manager) includes everything it needs within the APK itself, making installation a 100% offline process.

Custom recovery lovers, no worries! The Liorsmagic app APK *itself* is a custom recovery flashable zip, just like MAGIC™🌈. Check out the updated [installation guide](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Liorsmagic/install.html) for more info.

### App Hiding

Another major breakthrough in this release is that devices lower than Android 9.0 can now also use the advanced app hiding technique to hide the Liorsmagic app. Due to this incompatible change, **RESTORE THE EXISTING LIORSMAGIC MANAGER BACK TO NORMAL BEFORE UPGRADING IF HIDDEN!**

### Bug Fixes

- [LiorsmagicHide] Fix a bug when stopping LiorsmagicHide does not take effect
- [LiorsmagicBoot] Fix bug when unpacking `lz4_lg` compressed boot images
- [LiorsmagicInit] Support Galaxy S21 series
- [LiorsmagicSU] Fix incorrect APEX paths that caused `libsqlite.so` fail to load

### Full Changelog: [here](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Liorsmagic/changes.html)
