## 2022.1.28 Liorsmagic v24.1

> For those coming from v24.0, v24.1 only has some minor app improvements. The following are copied from v24.0 release notes.

It has been a while since the last public release, long time no see! A personal update for those unaware: I am now working at Google on the Android Platform Security team. Without further ado, let's jump right into it!

### LiorsmagicHide Removal

I have lost interest in fighting this battle for quite a while; plus, the existing LiorsmagicHide implementation is flawed in so many ways. Decoupling Liorsmagic from root hiding is, in my opinion, beneficial to the community. Ever since my announcement on Twitter months ago, highly effective "root hiding" modules (much **MUCH** better than LiorsmagicHide) has been flourishing, which again shows that people are way more capable than I am on this subject. So why not give those determined their time to shine, and let me focus on improving Liorsmagic instead of drowning in the everlasting cat-and-mouse game 😉.

### Sunsetting Liorsmagic-Modules-Repo

Due to lack of time and maintenance, the centralized Liorsmagic-Modules-Repo was frozen, and the functionality to download modules from the repo is removed in v24.0. As a supplement, module developers can now specify an `updateJson` URL in their modules. The Liorsmagic app will use that to check, download, and install module updates.

### Introducing Zygisk

Zygisk is **Liorsmagic in Zygote**, the next big thing for Liorsmagic! When this feature is enabled, a part of Liorsmagic will run in the `Zygote` daemon process, allowing module developers to run code directly in every Android apps' processes. If you've heard of [Riru](https://github.com/RikkaApps/Riru), then Zygisk is inspired by that project and is functionally similar, though the implementation is quite different internally. I cannot wait to see what module developers can achieve using Zygisk!

### Documentation

For developers, details about `updateJson` and building Zygisk modules can all be found in the updated [documentation](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Liorsmagic/guides.html#liorsmagic-modules).

### Full Changelog: [here](https://topjohnwu.github.io/Liorsmagic/changes.html)
